Bach
Ah
Hmm
eh
Oh
The will continue to commentary attached to the bone of this trick
It is also good that this figure is difficult It is this action that is applied to the time foot by applying to the heel
First of all
If there is a ball in the air in the middle of the air , it will be easy to hit the heel and it will be easy to hit the axis foot
Let's go
Here I would like to catch the goal with a thread and explain
This means that when you say the answer this lifting still from the place
ball
uncommon Burger What color location is around here is me easily the most
It is a dog here and I can spend it on teak feet
Let's go high in the ball crime problem from the place of
This is the easiest to beat
If it is this place it is this good place and put in a little more
Burglar eat so much good disappears burger economy
Success rate does not go up
A place half way above this place
Here is the best
It's a place that was raised from the lifting position on the stamp
Because it does not hit the cart Toka not go around
Give it a little ankle twist and make it even Bororo
You can apply wraps around easily and I'll go toward the outside only a little
Yup
As there is opening of the base or cheating by car for one more hour
From this nearby position number on the golhan com
Even somewhere say yourself in school building
Then more
It will be easier to strike
2 minutes
Correct and I also too unique mode
I'm already hit now I'm giving up on failure
I will be in front
Then absolute good thing because not strike only to be above the other one who is will fall not reach the pivot foot
I will
Also the corn price from really well off
It's too high and it gets too high
This is when the issue is too wide meeting of the ball and time leg
Those are big too exalted you will not be able to say very much
Do not roll up , leave images in empty order
It is an image that seems to spill lightly to the side
Number 9
Will the killing part has to slip
Then
It becomes easy to shape
Save the ball
Was your confectionery ｰｰｰ
Crab equity to break this
It makes it easier to think of it as this kind of image that was tedious to say
Yup
There is no need to say high marketers
It is an image that it is a back bend
Too much or unconscious is necessary because only If you will give the ball would Kizame the ball
Not
I hit the ball from the top and hit 18
Let's have this image
It is necessary to get a little getting used to the left and the last of the last
There is no such hard place once you have made a positive
Yes yes
Oh ha